README.md, before:

# Golang_Project
Learning curve

Assignment 1

2. Ping Pong     -  go channel and go mutex
5. Random        -  go channel - rand - go loop - go routine - slice - 
                    go concurency - go mutex - pointer 
6. Shares        -  go loop go function struct go files cmd args array slice
7. JSON          -  json parsing and generation, time conversion 
8. ErrProcessing -  defer panic recovery error
10. Validator    -  regexp 

+++ +++ +++ 

Topics to be covered:-

  1) Go lang Programs - basic to advanced programs - go loop - go recursion - go function - type casting - pointer - struct - interface - map - regex - error - concurrency - go routine - slice - array- defer and panic - go channel - go mutex - go select - go files- go cmd args-go concurrency .

For each topic, practice 10 programs and push your code in your gitid.


Assignment - 1 :-

 1)Creating Concurrent Workflows in Go with Goroutines and Channels
 2) Ping pong
 3)Server using channel
 4)Server and worker channel
 5) Random int generator using channel
 6) Files working
 7) Json
 8) Error handling
 9 Structure (User) 
 10) Password matching(regex)

Commit message:

3 - Server using Channels implementation added.

README.md, after:

# Golang_Project
Learning curve

Assignment 1

1. Factorial     -  multithreade version for Factorial calculation - recursion - channel -
                    concurency - go routine
2. Ping Pong     -  go channel and go mutex
3. ServerChannel -  Using channels to transfer data between handler and logger in web server
5. Random        -  go channel - rand - go loop - go routine - slice - 
                    go concurency - go mutex - pointer 
6. Shares        -  go loop go function struct go files cmd args array slice
7. JSON          -  json parsing and generation, time conversion 
8. ErrProcessing -  defer panic recovery error
10. Validator    -  regexp 

+++ +++ +++ 

Topics to be covered:-

  1) Go lang Programs - basic to advanced programs - go loop - go recursion - go function - type casting - pointer - struct - interface - map - regex - error - concurrency - go routine - slice - array- defer and panic - go channel - go mutex - go select - go files- go cmd args-go concurrency .

For each topic, practice 10 programs and push your code in your gitid.


Assignment - 1 :-

 1)Creating Concurrent Workflows in Go with Goroutines and Channels
 2) Ping pong
 3)Server using channel
 4)Server and worker channel
 5) Random int generator using channel
 6) Files working
 7) Json
 8) Error handling
 9 Structure (User) 
 10) Password matching(regex)
